Let's go to our next exercise,
which is on history states.
Currently, there is a problem
with our application.
Not sure if you notice, but
right now in our application,
if we press next, and
then we load the song.
Everything seems to be working.
Now let's say right now this player
is currently in the playing states,
or really it's in the ready playing state.
Let's say that we pause this.
And now let's say that we
skip to the next song.
So now we're loading and
we loaded the song.
Now the next song is going to
immediately start playing.
This can be undesired behavior because
previously, we pause the song, and
then we skipped.
So what a user would expect to happen
would be that the player should still be
in the paused state,
because that's what we were previously on.
And we pause the song for a reason.
So, what we're going to do is we're
going to model this in the state chart,
right now, when the loaded event happens,
we go directly to the ready states and
the ready state.
The initial state is
always playing right now,
but what we want to do is instead
we want to visit the most
recently active state in
this ready compound state.
So that if we were on the pause state
when we revisit this ready State, we want
to go back to the paused State instead of
going to the playing state by default.
So add a sibling history state here.
And, yeah, go ahead and
implement it, by the way,
the way that history states
are defined in X state.
So, let me.
Just go here real quick.
Is that when you have a compound state,
so if we have initial test, states test,
and you would specify the history
state by naming it wherever you want.
Typically I like to name it hist and
then you specify a type of history.
And then by default the history seat is
going to be a shallow history state but
if you want it to be a deep history state,
you give it a history value of deep.
But this is not a common use case, so
typically all you need to do
is specify type as history.